docs: APIM bridge gateway documentation improvement (#840)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/apim/3.x/installation-guide/hybrid/installation_guide_hybrid_deployment.adoc

==== Installation

To expose the new HTTP API, you need to install a new plugin inside the `plugins` directory of APIM Gateway.
This plugin can be found at https://download.gravitee.io/#graviteeio-apim/plugins/repositories/gravitee-apim-repository-gateway-bridge-http-server/

NOTE: This plugin is disabled by default from APIM 3.13.0.

[source,bash]
----
$ wget -O ${GRAVITEEIO_HOME}/plugins https://download.gravitee.io/graviteeio-apim/plugins/repositories/gravitee-apim-repository-gateway-bridge-http-server/gravitee-apim-repository-gateway-bridge-http-server-${PLUGIN_VERSION}.zip
----

[NOTE]
====

> You can remove some plugins available by default in APIM Gateway, which are useless on a bridge server gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can safely remove all plugins that start with the following names - these are not used on a bridge server gateway but are available by default in the APIM Gateway:
```

> Concerned plugins starts with these names :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
